
Hi. I'm After. I designed City Hall. I 
care about everyone, instead of the specific people that I need. I want more community bond and events, so that we can all work together as one community very well. I also want to bring more community buildings and services, including a community house for anvils/essential blocks. I believe that we can also create services including city settlements outside the city and assistance to shops, currency balance, and more creative projects to come. I don't do ads, because all you need is great ideas. If we can help everyone, than the city is a better place.

I also believe that we can all unite to make Stolberg an even better place in the long term, and make even more memories in the server. Stolberg is about a place where anybody can come to the city and rest, live, and be happy. We can make that place have even more of that if you elect me. I have plans to increase those things and maybe add some more things. This is why my ideology is creativity, because I do my stuff in a creative way. You've seen me design stuff before, that has creativity in it. Ideas? Creativity. My point is, Stolberg is a good place, but it can be even better with my plans. We have to also unite together to create these plans. It's a mix of creativity and unity to create something that everybody can enjoy.

I would also like to say that you don't need ideas. Just some ideals, some thinking, and some hard work. It's better to think of your ideas in the long term than just instantly think of them and then later realizing it was a bad idea. I have already stated ideas in the first part, but that's just the core. You could have a million good ideas but they can be bad from a different perspective. You need ideas to expand, but ideas are not thought instantly. Shark's ideas are more public areas, which I totally agree on, but again, it can be bad on a different perspective. Ideas are not just things. They are a kind of living thing, as ideas can die and get stronger. When they get stronger, they can be good ideas with huge support. When they die, they run out because nobody cares about them. All the good ideas are detailed, and cared for. As a result, it becomes an idea that can be looked up to for other people who want to think their own ideas and inspire them to create the next huge thing in the city or the world. Just imagine and think.

I would also like to state some things I have previously done and what I will do, but I will try my best to do them. The things I did previously include: Designing a majority of city hall which is culturally impactful and I can probably make more projects like that also if you vote for me, because I can probably never do them without the city's support. I also assist with projects when I can, for example I tried to help with the Bank project before it died. In general, I would introduce some important cultural projects along with projects to help with the community and economy. What I did before running is 
helping other people, and while I run, I will try to do even more for the city.

Well, that's the end of my speech. I don't have much more to say, so I guess this is the end of the speech. See you later I guess.
